The Merge Tiles Game Overview

This Merge Tiles Privacy Policy describes the information collected through our mobile application and how we use that information. This Privacy Policy applies to Merge Tiles Brain Puzzle Game, websites and related services, which we here collectively call the "Services". We reserve the right to change this policy from time to time, so be sure to check it periodically. Your continued use of the Services after the effective date will be subject to the new Privacy Policy.
By downloading, accessing and/or playing our games, or interacting with our websites or other Services, you agree to the collection and use of your data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.The SERVICES by utsavsoft are provided at no cost and are intended for use as they are.

Our privacy policy is fully COPPA complain!
There are two types of information we may collect through your use of the App:
The data we collect depends on the context of your interactions with us, the choices you make, including your privacy settings, and the products and features you use.

Most of the data that we collect about you comes directly from you when you play our games, or interact with our websites, advertising or other Services.

The data we collect may include:

data that you provide us with when you fill in forms, answer questions or complete surveys when using any our Services, when you create an account with us or if you invite your friends to us our game and Services;
data about your account and game progress include how you play our games and interact with our Services (such as which of our games you are playing, the game versions, your progress through the games, session time and duration, number of attempts at each level and purchase made);
your device identifiers (such as advertising ID);
data about your device, such as device name and operating system, network state;
data we collect via cookies and other similar technologies, as explained further below;
Puzzle Game Merge Tiles specific ID for you when you use the Services;
data we receive from third party tool if you link a third party tool with the Services ;
data we collect about you from other third party companies who have obtained your consent or have another legal right to share such data with us;
data for advertising and analytics purposes, so we can provide you a better Service; and
other data you choose to give us.
We may from time to time ask you for your consent to collect other information from you or your device. For instance, we may invite you to allow us to access your contacts to enable us to invite them to play our games with you, if you choose not to allow us collect these data, we will not collect the data. If we do this or something similar, we will tell you what data we would like to collect, why we need it and what we’ll use it for.

"Non-personal Information" which is information that does not identify you and cannot be used to contact you personally, including information about you such as information about your mobile device, such as your unique device ID, Internet Protocol (IP) address, or other persistent identifiers, and their hardware/software/firmware.

"Personal Information" we doesn't collect any kind of personal data.

Use of the Personal Information That We Collect
When you download and use our Game, we don't require you to provide any personal information and we don't collect any personal information about you, except we collect.

We use this data to provide our games and Services to you, including for the following purposes:

to create accounts and allow you play our games and use our Services;
to analyze and optimize;
to prevent fraud;
to customize in-game offers;
to provide social features;
to provide customized services, for example to provide our Services in the correct language;
to respond to your comments and questions;
to verify your purchases; and
We may also use data for the other purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, including for Advertising purposes. We also analyze and use the data that we collect on an anonymized or aggregated basis for product development, to analyze the performance of our games, to troubleshoot and to improve and optimize the games to ensure the best player experience for our players as a whole.

A more detailed description of some of the ways that we use your information is set out below and in the other sections of this Privacy Policy.

Advertising
Our games may include advertising for third party(such as Facebook, Admob, Vungle, Unity etc.) products and services. By accepting this Privacy Policy and downloading or continuing to play our games or use our Services, and unless you opt out of interest-based advertising as explained in this section, you consent to us and our advertising partners collecting and using information about you to improve advertising, targeting and measurement systems so that we can show you relevant third party ads in our games.

When you play our games or use our Services, non-personal identifiers such as the Android advertising ID and/or PlayStore's ID for advertising (the ‘IDFA’) and other information from your device is collected and shared with advertising partners to enable the technical delivery of ads to your device.

Our advertising partners may combine this information with information which they have collected about you when you use their services (or the websites or services of third parties) in order to serve you more relevant ads in our games or to improve the accuracy of their targeting and measurement systems.

You consent to the collection and use of your data for targeting advertising purposes by our advertising partners as set out in this section and as further described in their privacy policies. We recommend that you review our advertising partners’ privacy policies for more information.

Cookies and Similar Technologies
Like most online services, we and our partners use cookies and similar technologies to provide and personalize the Service, analyse use, target advertisements and prevent fraud. You can disable cookies in your browser settings, but some parts of the Service may then not function properly.

Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory. We use Cookies on Our Website to provide the services and features offered, and to improve the user experience. Our Apps do not use these Cookies explicitly; however, they may use third party code and libraries that use Cookies to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these Cookies. If you choose to refuse the Cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of Our Services.

Security
We have taken appropriate steps and followed industry standards to secure all personal data stored by our systems. All transactions are processed in keeping with the highest security level protocols, ensuring that no one can access or use personal information in an unauthorized manner.

However, while we take responsible measures to protect your Personal Information, the internet is not a 100% secure environment. We cannot guarantee the absolute security of all information transmitted or electronically stored. We disclaim any liability for any unauthorized access to, disclosure or damage to, theft of, or loss of any Personal Information. By using our website and/or our software, you acknowledge that you understand and agree to assume these risks.

Children / Children's Online Privacy Protection Act

Our App comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA"). We don't knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 in violation of COPPA, and if in the event that a user identifies himself or herself as a child under the age of 13 through a support request, we will not collect, store or use, and will delete in a secure manner, any personal information of such user.

We allow users to contact us if they have support questions about use of our mobile applications. If you submit a support request, we may receive your email address and other information you provide related to your support request ("Support Information"). We use Support Information only for the support for the internal operations of our App as provided under Section 312.2 of the COPPA rules effective July 1, 2013.

We do not knowingly collect or use any Personal Information from children under the age of 13. To the extent we feel that our App is directed to children under the age of 13, we will not collect Personal Information from users of this App.

If you are a parent of a child under 13 years of age and you believe your child has provided us with Personal Information, please contact us and we will delete the information from our system.

We may collect Non-personal Information, such as a device ID or other persistent identifier linked to the device or computer, which may be used by a child to play our App. The data collected will be anonymous and not tied to any Personal Information. In addition, this data will be used solely for internal purposes such as personalization of content, security, and contextual (not behavioral) advertising.

Certain of our App may permit in-game purchases, even if the applicable game was free to download. Such purchases do not always require the re-entry of credit card information because they may be made through an existing third-party account. If you are a parent who is concerned about this feature, you may disable the ability to make in-game purchases.

If you are between the age of 13 and 18, please obtain your parents' permission prior to registering with our Platform or providing us with any Personal Information.

Information Sharing and Disclosure

We use Support Information only for the support for the internal operations of our App as provided under Section 312.2 of the COPPA rules effective July 1, 2013. We don't rent, sell or share your email address unless we have your express consent and in the following circumstances:

(i) We may share your Support Information with our support providers, but only for the purpose of providing support to you.

(ii) We may share your email address and/or Support Information: (a) to protect the security or integrity of our App, (b) to take precautions against liability; (c) to respond to judicial process, or (d) to the extent permitted under other provisions of law, to provide information to law enforcement agencies or for an investigation on a matter related to public safety; and where such information is not used for any other purpose, all in compliance with Section 312.5(c)(6) of the COPPA rules effective July 1, 2013.


Policy Updates

This Policy may change from time to time. We will always keep this up to date so that you know what information we will collect from you, how we may use it, and when we may disclose it.

Yours Rights
You have certain rights in connection with your personal data and how we handle it. You can exercise these rights at any time by contacting us via any of the methods set out in the Contact Us section below.

Subject to limitations in applicable law, your rights include:

Access the personal data we hold about you. You have a right to know what data we hold about you and in some cases to have the information communicated to you. If you request, we will provide you a copy of your personal data in an electronic format. We reserve the right to ask for reasonable evidence to verify your identity before we provide you with any data. Please note that we may not be able to provide all the information you ask for, for instance if the information includes personal information about another person. Where we are not able to provide you with information that you have asked for, we will endeavor to tell you why.
Correct your data. You also have the right to correct your data. We try to keep the data that we hold about you accurate and up to date. Should you realize that any of the information that we hold about you is incorrect, please let us know at Gmail and we will correct it as soon as we can.
Withdraw your consent. You can always withdraw your consent in your device, for example by turning off GPS location sharing in your mobile device settings.
Opt-out of interest based ads. You can opt-out of interest-based advertising on mobile applications by checking the privacy settings of your Android or iOS device and selecting "limit ad tracking" (Apple iOS) or "opt-out of interest based ads" (Android).
We retain your Personal Data as long as needed to provide services or products to you, or as required or permitted by applicable laws, such as tax and accounting laws.

Age Limits
You must be over a certain age to play our games and use our Services, depending on where you live. We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal data about or direct or target interest based advertising to anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to use our Services. If you are under 13, please do not send any data about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under the age of 13 may provide any personal data. If we learn that we have collected personal data about a child under age 13, we will delete that data as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any data from or about a child under the age of 13, please contact us.

Agreement
By using the our websites, our games, our products, or our services, you signify your understanding of and consent to the Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, we strongly urge you to refrain from using the our websites, games, products, and services.



Complaints

You can lodge a complaint with us about any breach of our Privacy Policy through our developer address.

utsavsoft

banrossyn@gmail.com

Last updated May. 01, 2024